PEP 638: Typographic fixes (#2368)
python/peps: pep-0638.rst

::

    class macro_stmt(_ast.stmt):
        _fields = "name", "args", "importname", "asname", "body"

    class macro_expr(_ast.expr):
        _fields = "name", "args"

In addition, macro processors will need a means to express control flow or side-effecting code, that produces a value.

> To support this, a new ast node will be added called ``stmt_expr`` that combines a statement and an expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new ast node called ``stmt_expr`` will be added, combining a statement and an expression.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, "AST" should be upper case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A new AST node called ``stmt_expr`` will be added, combining a statement and an expression.
```
